Add problem statement the Deployment UX goal (#1922)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/distribution/goals.md

### [Improve deployment pipeline UX](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/96)

> Our existing deployment pipeline has several usability problem, as its hard for engineers to identify when a commit was deployed to an environment or which deployment is currently running in a particular environment. We want to improve the deployment experience, making sure we can deploy with confidence and can easily understand in which stage of the pipeline a deployment currently is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our existing deployment pipelines to our Sourcegraph instances (such as Sourcegraph Cloud) has several usability problems - for example, it is hard for engineers to identify when a commit was deployed to an environment or which deployment is currently running in a particular environment. We want to improve the deployment experience, making sure we can deploy with confidence and can easily understand in which stage of the pipeline a change currently is.
```

Author: Thanks for this corrections Robert! <3
